one last thing point number five praying
the scripture expresses our emotion it
expresses our feelings like nothing else
will it expresses our emotion there are
moments when we feel very deeply our
pain our sorrows our disappointments and
we don't know how to express it we want
to say it we don't know the Holy Spirit
helps us in our weakness the Bible says
but we don't know what to say when we
don't know we we feel so much we can say
it like during the days of Ezra he
opened the Bible and he read it in the
sight of all the people and when they
heard it they said amen amen
they bailed out and worship and the
Bible say they all wept because my
answer I read the words of God the
vocabulary of heaven it was like a
prayer and expressed how they all felt
as a people of God and they went they
wept let me give you an example but
before that let me say this the Word of
God is living and powerful sharper than
any two-edged sword so it gets them very
deep into our spirit in our soul and it
can discern and express the very emotion
of our hearts one example job 30 verse 1
but now they mock at me man younger than
I quite true you know whose fathers I
disdain to put the dogs on my floor I
wouldn't say that
we have a snot but now I'm there
taunting song
yes I'm the Byward they have ha me they
keep far from me they do not hesitate to
spit
my face Wow I'm sure many of us felt
that way before whether is it in the
business dealing whether is it to
relationship problems well true
situation you felt that way the
scripture express how we feel so
accurately see to have a release in our
spirit that got to be there got to be a
release in our emotions if we can do
that if there's no release we harden our
hearts and this way we have a flat look
and we are emotionally shut down we
can't feel you notice when we come to
church we live our heads we sing songs
of love we read the scripture because
God wants to bring healing God want us
to be expressive he make us feeling
people with deep emotions but if we
overdo our feelings we can overdo it and
become crazy you got to remember your
feelings may not be God's feelings so
how to be accurate in our feelings how
to have the right temperature in how we
feel you go to the Bible because only
God can balance both anger and laughs
God can love and be angry at the same
time he's God
God can be angry dealing with me and yet
love me so much he wants to save me
humans cannot do that God can balance
between love and forgiveness you heard
me but because I love you I can forgive
you but just because I forgive you
doesn't mean I don't acknowledge that
you heard me well yet I can still love
you only God can do that
God can balance between confidence and
humility so that when you walk by faith
you keep your humility
and when you humble yourself you don't
become a doormat for any tom dick and
toothless Harry to trample over you from
the youngest to the oldest we are really
a praying church but I want to encourage
you to pray the scripture more five
reasons it will enlarge us it will
elevate us from depression it will
enlarge our vision it will explain our
situation it will expand our vocabulary
it will express our emotion so now I
want to leave you at a time of worship
only here in time of prayer how many of
you just buy the sermon tonight you you
have a renewed love right now if the
Word of God I mean let's give the Lord a
big clear right now hallelujah